Oh, here and there-a great deal of water came out due to the typhoon the other day, and the shape of the riverbank was very refreshing.
It's a little black bus here before the coming of a typhoon like anything else from here before
I could catch a lot
Now that's impossible
Swamp branch of fellow goby who lives in freshwater
I thought that I should try to catch yoshinobori or something, but that might not be possible too
Even though it lamented Well As we have helped Hitomi Hirose water to try aiming for something in it
think
So I will go to the castle first
Do I Oikawa that we had hit something decorative nursery was caught a good face even distant courses
Chestnut is this size Oikawa Mr.
It's a big fall
It is the birth of a great
I was able to catch the fish of the phantom Iwana 's fishing kite Sanpei
I a little puzzled to be the Anna big of not it is meeting 70cm have got caught
I am
Now let's go to change the bait in Misui from Neda
Something was caught with the earthworm which goods were already caught
After all Oikawa
It is Oikawa that was able to catch after all
So write to it for Fu large Is Now
I think let's go to the bait the Dobamimizu
No
You can not catch anything with Dobamimizu
Ugh come not Do First next guess it looks like a giant grape worms of the cat is
I have only one caterpillar larva and let's do this
Who cod is not if Mimuki this
No at all
After all this is a difference that only stabs now
I was able to catch a fish and I can catch it if it crosses
Or good
It's because it's only about 30 centimeters deep in the water
There's no way there, but here you go
I 'll put it upside down on a meter about 1m from the needle , so let's leave it to the flow
Like a windsock
I think it is going to go downstream and try fishing like this
Is was caught caught and its take just under
Hayama is from Choi But I'm able to catch even if Well what kind of fishing how
It There was good for pulse fishing from the beginning it Masuso anymore Mendokuse I pulse fishing
The
You can say so
No
Dry Ney-It 's not like I'm going to go fishing with my niece
It is wrong
I can't get a hit at all but I've tried various things though
It is best to float normally and to work under the uki and adjust normally .
I did the birth of Oshima Tsunagasu
I got a goby
It was not prominence Single
It is I MaChichibu-kun because black This
It is Numachichibu
This is to be released since it is not likely to catch such a lot on the type of I goby today
To
The catch for something a little larger Once in place of the worm bait directly below
Warikashi loud voice What
Maybe
25 or so
A pretty good guy who is 5th in the par
Go 25
Or still catch was, but in the 5-position
It is a smell
Well then we will send you back to the water specially
kono
this is
Well then , I will try to fix this today's fishing with this Oikawa mohair burr
This pretty cost performance it's good I because I Come on do not use No say fly
Is it
The real is what I picked up before the change I this trick
To try to do ultra-high cost-performance fishing in that or you want gimmicks
think
Threro
No
You can not talk at all but this needle is huge
It is useless like this I can not get the guy I picked up
Yes it is 17:50 delivery
It is today
Well Oikawa it has been continued for the time being
I was not able to catch anything
No
Today's fishing rod is the basic element of fishing
Perseverance and patience is that this was lacking
It is no good when I was I thought I this or if Kiutsuri
Please use my fishing today as a counter- face teacher for your fishing
For example I have a fishing today ore to fried chicken
I will try to use it for dinner
So I thing that was fried not put anything I hope you do Suwa under Well from this and fried
This time, do you say it is this soup
It's overcooked juice
I tried a little fancy about this It looks like it looks like it was n't normal
It's a little different
So this time I will introduce how to make this
There is no such thing to prepare in this
Vertical leaf
storm
At the same is Osu
I say Happoone Yanagitade of the hall of the Deco , but the formal name is
It is something that was in the Kawahara It is nice that only from this leaf
With that
Chili pepper This is real fruit It is not an ordinary pepper, but it is a blue pepper
But I I'm calling Nante island pepper in the next in the pepper of Izu Oshima specialty
I'm 52 and I'm Kaka's nails , but I guess it looks like the kind is different.
It is that fellow groves pepper March it with features from slightly higher than the nail of hawk
It seems that there is good that the good and smell
It seems that until Izm people mash this blue guy and use it for sushi.
When I went fishing for tooth decay without looking at this, I got seed and grown it at home
So I will prepare high three bowls so let's go here
At first we cut vertical leaf with scissors finely
I will chop the next Japanese Otoshima chili pepper finely chop it too
This does not take the seed will be put as it is
Its Once you put little bit the number to this
I will grind this well
Yes I finished like this
Then let's hang up to this Oikawa
As soon as this is covered, the innocent good smell of the island pepper drifts
Let's Damn right away
Ne of shit
It's cute but it's delicious It's delicious It's nice to have two different hotties called Toshima and I
Users had So I another one sent exudes a good harmony sound each other and not say what both
Let's try
me
nao